AITA For pulling away from my “bestie” after years of supporting her through a mental health crisis?

Am I the A hole for wanting to drop my “best friend” of three years? So boom I’m F16 and I’m in a current friendship with my “best friend”. I’ll call her A. We’ve known each other since 7th grade and we dated during that time which ended horribly. In that relationship, it was very emotionally draining because of how she would hurt h e r s e l f and almost OD. Now fast forwarding to Valentines (we’re not friends atm), this girl comes up to me we’re going to call her Abby. She comes and gives me a letter saying A wanted me to give you this. Mind you I’m already having a bad day because of family issues that happened on Valentine’s Day two years ago, in this letter it’s all this hateful stuff she said and how much she hated me. That day I went into the bathroom and cried for a while.
Now we’re into 8th grade and she apologizes to me which I forget her (but never forgot). We’ve been friends since then but he mental health was bad since the day I met her. What really got worse was in sophomore year, she been posting stuff on twitter tagging a certain community which I feel like she shouldn’t be in and posted her ykw. We went to the admin about it, showed screenshots, and more. She got sent to the mental hospital for two weeks.
Now it’s towards the end of sophomore year and she randomly comes up to me crying saying if I hate her n stuff. I asked where’d she get that from and told me Abby told her that (Abby is having fallouts with her friends during this time and sm more stuff happening). I go to the bathroom and crawl underneath the stall on that dirty, nasty floor and console her. Once we got her out of there and talked to the admin, we head into class. 30 minutes later she’s back at talking to that same girl about if she wanting to smoke or something later… after I said you shouldn’t hangout with her. That was my breaking point.
Over the summer I barely talked to her, until volleyball tryouts (she didn’t make it). Now entering Junior year it just started and idk if I have the mental capacity to deal with that anymore. I’m tired of this bullshit atp. We barely talk now and even at lunch when we sit together and she thinks I’m mad at her but I told her I’m not (I hate confrontation btw) and just didn’t want to continue that conversation. I think I’ve just grown out of that friendship and don’t know what to do. Oh and she likes to gaslight me and others a lot. Am I in the wrong or no because I don’t think I’m selfish for thinking this way..
I really need people to tell me that I’m not being crazy for wanting to drop her!
